# carescout
The name is carescout.com and the app is inspired by LinkedIn and Korpa.ba. It is going to be a place where caregivers of different specialties can display their qualities and services to different patients or simply people in need of extra help. The platform will be a form of a portfolio where they can log all of their previous cases as well as all of their academic achievements along with the research they did in their field and seminars they attended. The users will be those who are seeking help and those who are offering help along with admins and moderators. The app is set to have one search type but multiple filters such as distance from the patient, type of service, mobility, etc. The users can make profiles and leave reviews. When deciding on a caregiver, a user will have to fill out a form explaining their needs and the form will be sent to the caregiver for further examination. If the caregiver decides that they are qualified for the job, they accept the form, and communication is established. As an admin, you will have the ability to delete and ban accounts as well as put up warnings for certain caregivers if their reviews are not adequate. As a caregiver, you will have the ability to create an account and add your achievements and services to it as well as a public calendar showing free appointment slots. As a patient, you will have the ability to create an account with your personal information. Patients cannot see other patients' accounts and caregivers can only see patients who have requested a service. Admins can see all users.
